# Switch

YounessGPT is very curious and wants to learn engineering. The school decided to give him access to all the projector, so that he can attend all classes.

To do that they need to connect the YounessGPT server with all the projector using wires. The problem faced is that the GPT server
two outputs ports, and the number of projector is big. The technical team in ENSAM got their hands on a very special Switch that play the role of a diffuser.
But this switcher has one flaw, it only has one input and 2 outputs, so we will have to use more than one switch. One can determine the optimal number of switchers
to connect the AI with projector, but that's a problem for the technical team. 

The technical team proved the needed exactly nbrPojrctor -2 switches. 
thus the number of connections is 2 * (nbr switches + 1)

After they solved the issue and connected the system using the optimal number of switches and no unnecessary switches were used, 
they had one issue, the AI was not connected to all the projector.
So they needed your help to determine which switch is damaged. To do that they gave you the schema used in the configuration.

It is guaranteed that only one component (either the AI or the switches) is broken, the projector work fine. 
The AI is the root of the system, it can be faulty too, if the AI is faulty , you should print : "AGI is a myth".

\input 
The first line contains a single number n, the number of projectors.

Followed by a line for each connection, each line contains a letter li, a number ui, a letter lj, a number uk. The letter indicated the type of the componenet:
it can be a: the AI, s: a switch, p: a projector. it means that the component indexed ui of the type li is connected to the indexed uj component of type lj.

Followed by a number k denoting the number of projectors that are not accessible.
The next line contains the id of those projectors.

\note
The id of the switches in the problem will be indexed from 0 to m-1, such that m is the count of switches.
The id of the projectors in the problem will be indexed from 0 to n-1, such that n is the count of the projectors.

\output
if the AI is faulty print "AGI is myth". if the problem is in the switch, output its index in its category.

